Terms and conditions

These terms and conditions ("Agreement") sets forth the general terms and conditions of your use of the "Alleviate" mobile application ("Mobile Application" or "Service") and any of its related products and services (collectively, "Services"). This Agreement is legally binding between you ("User", "you" or "your") and this Mobile Application developer ("Operator", "we", "us" or "our"). By accessing and using the Mobile Application and Services, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. If you are entering into this Agreement on behalf of a business or other legal entity, you represent that you have the authority to bind such entity to this Agreement, in which case the terms "User", "you" or "your" shall refer to such entity. If you do not have such authority, or if you do not agree with the terms of this Agreement, you must not accept this Agreement and may not access and use the Mobile Application and Services. You acknowledge that this Agreement is a contract between you and the Operator, even though it is electronic and is not physically signed by you, and it governs your use of the Mobile Application and Services.

Accounts and membership

If you create an account in the Mobile Application, you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection with it. We may, but have no obligation to, monitor and review new accounts before you may sign in and start using the Services. Providing false contact information of any kind may result in the termination of your account. You must immediately notify us of any unauthorized uses of your account or any other breaches of security. We will not be liable for any acts or omissions by you, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.

Links to other resources

Although the Mobile Application and Services may link to other resources (such as websites, mobile applications, etc.), we are not, directly or indirectly, implying any approval, association, sponsorship, endorsement, or affiliation with any linked resource, unless specifically stated herein. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant the offerings of, any businesses or individuals or the content of their resources. We do not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, products, services, and content of any other third parties. You should carefully review the legal statements and other conditions of use of any resource which you access through a link in the Mobile Application and Services. Your linking to any other off-site resources is at your own risk.

Limitation of liability

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in no event will the Operator, its affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents, suppliers or licensors be liable to any person for any indirect, incidental, special, punitive, cover or consequential damages (including, without limitation, damages for lost profits, revenue, sales, goodwill, use of content, impact on business, business interruption, loss of anticipated savings, loss of business opportunity) however caused, under any theory of liability, including, without limitation, contract, tort, warranty, breach of statutory duty, negligence or otherwise, even if the liable party has been advised as to the possibility of such damages or could have foreseen such damages. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the aggregate liability of the Operator and its affiliates, officers, employees, agents, suppliers and licensors relating to the services will be limited to an amount greater of one dollar or any amounts actually paid in cash by you to the Operator for the prior one month period prior to the first event or occurrence giving rise to such liability. The limitations and exclusions also apply if this remedy does not fully compensate you for any losses or fails of its essential purpose.

Severability

All rights and restrictions contained in this Agreement may be exercised and shall be applicable and binding only to the extent that they do not violate any applicable laws and are intended to be limited to the extent necessary so that they will not render this Agreement illegal, invalid or unenforceable. If any provision or portion of any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, it is the intention of the parties that the remaining provisions or portions thereof shall constitute their agreement with respect to the subject matter hereof, and all such remaining provisions or portions thereof shall remain in full force and effect.

Changes and amendments

We reserve the right to modify this Agreement or its terms relating to the Mobile Application and Services at any time, effective upon posting of an updated version of this Agreement in the Mobile Application. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. Continued use of the Mobile Application and Services after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes. Policy was created with https://www.WebsitePolicies.com

Acceptance of these terms

You acknowledge that you have read this Agreement and agree to all its terms and conditions. By accessing and using the Mobile Application and Services you agree to be bound by this Agreement. If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Agreement, you are not authorized to access or use the Mobile Application and Services.

Contacting us

If you would like to contact us to understand more about this Agreement or wish to contact us concerning any matter relating to it, you may send an email to aaron19decoy@hotmail.com

This document was last updated on October 20, 2020
